Jaden:
LAST TIME ON "YU-GI-OH! GX..."
I'M SO GLAD YOU'RE HERE,
JADEN.
AFTER ALL, THIS HAS
ALL BEEN FOR YOU.
ALL FOR ME?
START TALKING!
YOU KNOW A LOT OF PEOPLE
HAVE BEEN HURT,
AND IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!
WHAT ARE YOU AFTER HERE?!
FESS UP, OR ELSE THIS
IS REALLY GONNA GET UGLY.
I WON'T LET YOU THREATEN
MY SON LIKE THAT!
YOUR SON?!
PREPARE YOURSELF!
Jaden:
WHERE'D THAT COME FROM?
Blair:
THERE'S ANOTHER ONE!?
WHAT ARE THESE?
[MEOW]
HUH?
PROFESSOR BANNER!
IT WAS HERE THAT THE THREE
SACRED BEAST CARDS
WERE SEALED AWAY.
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH,
YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
MARCEL!
LISTEN TO ME!
YOU DON'T WANNA MESS WITH
THOSE SACRED BEAST CARDS.
[EVIL LAUGHTER]
[BEASTS ROARING]
Marcel:
THEN PERHAPS YOU SHOULDN'T
HAVE MESSED WITH ME...
UH, MAYBE
HE'S GOT A POINT.
THAT'S MY CUE.
SEE YA AROUND.
COME BACK, MARCEL!
[GIGGLING]
MARCEL!
AND DON'T THINK
OF FOLLOWING ME.
DON'T DISOBEY
YOUR FATHER!
[MEOW]
Banner:
HELLO, JADEN!
AS YOU KNOW, THESE
SACRED BEASTS ARE POWERFUL
AND DANGEROUS CREATURES.
YOU MUST STOP MARCEL
FROM ACQUIRING THEM.
GOTCHA!
I'M ON IT!
OH NO, LOOK!
DUEL GHOULS!
DON'T THESE GUYS
EVER TAKE A BREAK?
TROUBLE!
BLAIR! YOU AND
THE VICE CHANCELLOR
HAVE GOTTA GET BACK
TO JES AND THE OTHERS!
RIGHT... BUT AREN'T YOU
GONNA COME WITH US?
I GOTTA STOP MARCEL!
JADEN...
PLEASE HELP MY BOY...
HE'S A GOOD KID.
HE'LL BE OK!
I PROMISE YOU!
THERE'S NO NEED TO WORRY!
NOW GET OUTTA HERE!
OK!
IT'S TOO LATE,
WE'RE CORNERED!
[MEOW]
NOW TO FIND MARCEL!
IF PHARAOH GOT THROUGH...
SO CAN WE!
I GOTTA FIND HIM
BEFORE HE GETS TO THOSE CARDS!
CHAZZ!
WHAT ARE YOU...
DUEL... DUEL...
NOT GOOD!
HUH?
JADEN, I HOPE
YOU'RE NOT IN A HURRY.
SNAP OUT OF IT!
THE SACRED...
'CAUSE WE'RE GONNA DUEL!
AW...
DUEL.
OTHERWISE,
YOU WON'T PASS!
IT'S MY DRAW!
I SUMMON RETURN ZOMBIE!
[GROWL]
HUH. NOW I PLAY...
THE SPELL CARD QUICKRUSH,
WHICH LETS MY ZOMBIE
ATTACK!
NOW STRIKE HIM DIRECTLY!
GO BANDAGEWRAP SNAP!
OW!
HE'S QUITE THE
WHIPPER SNAPPER, ISN'T HE?
AND THIS IS JUST
THE START,
SOON ALL YOUR LIFE POINTS...
[GIGGLES]
WILL BE SNAPPED UP!
I DON'T HAVE
ANY CHOICE...
Students:
DUEL... DUEL...
TO STOP MARCEL,
I GOTTA GET PAST CHAZZ!
HA HA!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
OKAY, I'M SUMMONING:
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN!
GIVE THAT ZOMBIE,
A HIGH WATTAGE WHOOPIN'!
ATTACK WITH
STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
[GROAN]
THIS COULD BE
OUR CHANCE, SPARKMAN,
LET'S SEE IF WE CHARGE
OUR WAY THRU CHAZZ!
NUH-UH!
I'M PULLIN'
THE PLUG.
I SUMMON VORSE RAIDER!
[ROAR]
AH...
AND NOW, HE'S GONNA RAID
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
[GROWL]
SPARKMAN!
AH!
HA HA!
Adrian: OFF TO FIND THE THREE
SACRED BEASTS, ARE WE?
I ALWAYS WONDERED IF THE STORIES
ABOUT THE SHADOW RIDERS
AND SACRED BEAST CARDS
WERE TRUE.
RUMOR HAS IT THAT
WHOEVER POSSESSES THEM
ALSO HAS THE POWER TO DESTROY...
OR RULE... THE WORLD.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE'S
PLANNING TO SEE
IF THERE'S ANY TRUTH
TO ALL OF THIS.
WELL, NOW HE'S GOT
SOME COMPANY.
Student 1:
SO WHAT GIVES?
WHERE'S OUR FOOD?!
Student 2: WE WON...
THAT WAS THE DEAL!
YEAH! NOW HOW COME WE
HAVEN'T HEARD NOTHIN'
FROM NOBODY?
MY MOM WAS RIGHT:
I SHOULDA DONE SOME
HOME SCHOOLIN' THIS YEAR.
I'M SO HUNGRY, I CAN
BARELY STAND UP ANYMORE.
IF I DON'T GET
FOOD SOON,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S
GONNA HAPPEN.
GUYS, THE STUDENTS
ARE GETTING MORE
AND MORE RESTLESS.
JESSE'S RIGHT,
WE GOTTA FIGURE OUT
SOME KIND OF PLAN!
DOES ANYONE KNOW
WHERE JADEN IS?
HE, UM...
USUALLY SAVES US.
LOOK! IT'S BLAIR
AND BONAPARTE!
DO EITHER OF YOU TWO
KNOW WHERE JADEN IS?
WE SURE DO!
HE WENT AFTER
MARCEL!
HE DID WHAT?!
DOWN SOME CAVERN.
HE DID?!
AND THEN WHAT
HAPPENED TO HIM?!
WELL, HE DECIDED TO GO
STOP HIM FROM GETTING
THE SACRED BEAST CARDS!
SACRED BEASTS?!
NOW WAIT
JUST A SEC!
YOU DON'T MEAN
THE SACRED BEASTS, DO YOU?
THIS CAN'T BE GOOD!
AND IT WILL
ONLY GET WORSE!
WE MUST GO HELP JADEN.
THOSE MONSTERS WERE
LOCKED UP FOR A REASON!
IF THEY'RE UNLEASHED!
IT WILL BE PURE CHAOS!
THEY'RE SURE TO DESTROY
EVERYTHING IN THEIR PATH.
THEN LET'S GET
A MOVE ON!
WHAT ABOUT THE FOOD?!
YEAH, WE WANT
SOME CHOW!
FOOD?
WELL, IT APPEARS THAT
WE WERE ALL MISLED!
THEN I'M DONE
FOLLOWIN'!
GUYS, LET'S GET THAT
GRUB, YA WITH ME?
OR DO YA WANNA
STAY OUT HERE WITH ALL
OF THEM AND STARVE?
I'M WITH YOU!
I'D RATHER
TAKE MY CHANCES
IN THE SCHOOL!
YEAH!
DON'T DO IT!
COME BACK!
DUEL GHOULS CAN'T BE BEAT!
YA GOT NO CHANCE AGAINST 'EM!
YOU BETTER LISTEN!
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS!
PLEASE, DON'T GO!
WHATEVER!
LATER!
NOW LISTEN UP:
WE'RE GONNA
GO IN FIRST
AND MAKE FOOLS
OF THEM GHOULS!
YEAH, AND THEN THE REST OF YOU
FOLLOW AFTER!
GOT IT?!
OK.
COUNT ON IT.
WE'RE READY!
Crowler:
THEY'RE GOING IN!
DON'T!
STAND DOWN!
[SCOFFS]
FORGET IT! WE'RE NOT LISTENING
TO YOU ANYMORE!
SEE YA!
[YELLING]
DUEL... DUEL...
EASY DOES IT...
IT'S TOO LATE!
POOR FELLAS!
THERE'S JUST TOO MANY
TO DUEL!
PLEASE! I JUST WANTED
SOME BREAD!
I JUST WANT TO SEE
MY MOMMY!
GUYS? YOU OKAY?
I'M FEELIN' BETTER.
MUCH BETTER!
[WHIMPERING]
[DISTANT SCREAMING]
YOU GUYS HEAR THAT?
I KNEW IT WAS A DIVERSION!
ALL RIGHT: EVERYONE BACK
TO DUEL ACADEMY!
[ELECTRICITY SIZZLING]
WAIT! LOOK!
WHAT'S UP?
ARE YOU SEEING
WHAT I'M SEEIN?
THERE'S SOMETHING
UP THERE!
[MAN'S VOICE]
HELLO? HELLO!
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
COME IN! IT'S ME,
DR. EISENSTEIN!
IS ANYBODY THERE?!
YES, SIR!
GOOD, BECAUSE WE NEED
TO PLAN YOUR RESCUE!
THE THREE SACRED BEAST CARDS
WILL BE MINE SOON ENOUGH!
Chazz:
IT'S YOUR MOVE, JADEN.
WHAT'S HOLDING YOU UP?
HA HA!
OH YEAH,
MY VORSE RAIDER.
[STRUGGLING]
GOTTA... GET MY GAME ON!
HA HA!
COME ON, JADEN.
DON'T LOSE YOUR GRIP.
I KNOW MY MONSTER WON'T!
AAH!
I FUSE ELEMENTAL HERO
AVIAN WITH BURSTINATRIX!
TO FORM, ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
DO ME A SOLID, PAL!
ATTACK THAT VORSE RAIDER!
AH! AAH!
ARGH!
GETTING A LITTLE HOT
IN HERE, HUH, CHAZZ?
AND IT'S ONLY GONNA
GET HOTTER...
'CAUSE WHEN WINGMAN
DESTROYS A MONSTER,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
GET SCORCHED TOO!
GO EASY ON HIM,
WINGMAN!
IT'S STILL CHAZZ
IN THERE, AFTER ALL!
AAH!
HOT!
HOT, HOT, HOT!
DO YOU
GIVE UP?
NOT YET, JADEN!
BECAUSE! LOOK AT THIS!
HA HA!
POLYMERIZATION!
AND WITH IT, I FUSE DARK BLADE
AND PITCH-DARK DRAGON...
TO CREATE... DARK BLADE
DRAGON KNIGHT!
[ROAR]
AH!
AND THEN, I EQUIP
THE SPELL FUSION BUSTER!
WHICH GIVES MY DRAGON KNIGHT
300 MORE ATTACK POINTS!
NOW GO MEDIEVAL
ON FLAME WINGMAN!
GO DARK SWORD SLASH!
OH!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
FUSION BUSTER
FORCES FUSION MONSTERS
TO BECOME UNFUSED
SO YOUR FLAME WINGMAN
HAS BEEN BUSTED BACK
TO THE TWO WEAKER MONSTERS
HE CAME FROM.
AND NOW ONE OF THOSE MONSTERS
SUFFERS MY KNIGHT'S WRATH!
AND BY THE WAY,
THERE'S STILL MORE!
[GIGGLES]
YOU SEE, WHEN I SEND
BUSTER TO THE GRAVEYARD,
YOUR POLYMERIZATION CARD
IS DESTROYED!
OH...
FACE IT,
JADEN.
YOU JUST CAN'T WIN,
THERE'S NO GETTING
PAST ME!
HA HA!
I BETTER GET MY GAME ON
OR WE MIGHT JUST HAVE
FRONT-ROW SEATS TO
THE END OF THE WORLD!
ARE YOU THERE? HELLO?
COME IN!
Axel:
SO WHAT DO YOU MAKE
OF IT BASTION?
WHAT DO I MAKE OF IT?
IT'S MY OLD MENTOR!
DR. EISENSTEIN!
IS THAT REALLY YOU?
IT IS,
BASTION!
AND NOW THAT YOU CAN SEE
AND HEAR ME, YOU MUST...
[CONTINUES GARBLED]
WE NEED
MORE POWER!
Jesse: BUT THE POWER
GENERATOR'S BROKE!
Bastion:
I CAN WORK AROUND THAT!
WE JUST HAVE TO PRY
THESE DOORS LOOSE.
LET'S DIG IT OUT!
RIGHT, MATE!
IT'S STUCK!
Axel:
MOVE.
BLUE BERETS,
TIME TO HEAVE HO!
RIGHT!
[STATIC CRACKLING]
YOU NEED TO LISTEN CLOSELY.
Bastion:
THE SANDS SHIFTING,
THE DOORS ARE OPENING...
NOW IF I INSERT
THE CROSS-OVER CABLE
INTO MY STUDENT NOTEBOOK'S
CORE POWER SUPPLY,
IT SHOULD GENERATE ENOUGH POWER
TO STABILIZE THE TRANSMISSION.
Eisenstein:
BASTION, WE'RE WORKING
ON A WAY TO RESCUE YOU...
THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT,
PROFESSOR.
THINGS WERE BEGINNING TO LOOK A
LITTLE BLEAK TO SAY THE LEAST.
WHERE ARE WE?
Eisenstein: WELL,
SOMETHING EXTRAORDINARY
HAPPENED!
NOW, DON'T BE ALARMED...
BUT IT APPEARS THAT YOU'VE
ALL BEEN TRANSPORTED
TO AN ALTERNATE DIMENSION!
BASTION!
ARE YOU ALL SAFE?
WELL I'LL BE!
ASTER PHOENIX!
IT'S HARD TO SAY.
YOU SEE, SOME OF THE
STUDENTS HAVE, WELL...
HAVE BECOME THESE
SORT OF DUEL GHOULS.
IT'S A LITTLE HARD
TO EXPLAIN,
BUT THE BOTTOM LINE IS
THE SOONER WE ALL GET HOME,
THE BETTER!
AH!
WAIT... IF WE COULD USE
YOUR SIGNAL AS A BEACON...
Eisenstein:
I'M WAY AHEAD OF YOU!
THIS SIGNAL IS BEING SENT
VIA A SMALL "PORTAL"
IN THE DIMENSIONS
THAT CONNECT OUR TWO WORLDS.
WE MIGHT BE ABLE
TO USE THIS PORTAL
AS A MEANS TO BRING YOU HOME!
HOWEVER,
FOR THIS TO WORK,
WE NEED TO GET YOU
ONE VERY SPECIAL CARD...
IT'S KNOWN AS THE CRYSTAL BEAST
RAINBOW DRAGON!
Bastion:
WAIT, A CARD?
YES, AND IT ALONE HAS THE POWER
TO RETURN YOU TO THIS WORLD!
WELL THEN,
THAT'S BAD NEWS,
'CAUSE THAT CARD'S
NEVER BEEN MADE!
SEE, ONLY THE STONE TABLET
CAN MAKE RAINBOW DRAGON
A REAL CARD...
AND NO ONE EVEN KNOWS
WHERE IT IS!
NO ONE UNTIL TODAY!
PEGASUS AND
CHANCELLOR SHEPHERD
HAVE FOUND THE STONE TABLET'S
LOCATION!
AND ARE EN ROUTE!
IN FACT, THEY SHOULD BE ARRIVING
AT THE SITE ANY MOMENT NOW.
ONCE THE STONE TABLET
HAS BEEN RECOVERED,
PEGASUS CAN USE THE PIECES
TO DESIGN THE CARD HIMSELF!
WHOA, I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D SEE THE DAY!
SO WHAT POWER DOES THIS
RAINBOW DRAGON HAVE?
YOU SEE, BECAUSE OF YOUR
POWER GENERATOR FAILURE,
YOU WILL NEED
A NEW POWER SOURCE
THAT WILL MAKE THIS PORTAL
STRONG ENOUGH
TO GET YOU
BACK HOME SAFELY.
BUT, HOW WILL YOU GET
THE CARD TO US?
DUEL ENERGY,
MY DEAR BOY!
FORTUNATELY, YOU ALL HAVE IT
INSIDE OF YOU.
NOW YOU MUST CREATE
YOUR OWN POWER SPIKE,
AND THIS SHOULD RESULT IN
THE PORTAL EXPANDING...
Bastion:
AND US GETTING THAT CARD!
Eisenstein:
BUT IT WON'T BE EASY.
THE DUEL ENERGY FLUX
WILL NEED TO OCCUR AT
EXACTLY THE RIGHT TIME
AT EXACTLY
THE RIGHT PLACE.
TRANS-DIMENSIONAL PORTALS
ARE QUITE FICKLE...
IF WE DON'T SECURE IT SOON,
IT MAY CLOSE.
[GASPS]
AND WE'D BE STUCK
HERE FOREVER!
AS I WAS SAYING,
WE MUST GENERATE
THIS DUEL ENERGY FLUX
AT EXACTLY THE RIGHT SPOT
AND EXACTLY THE RIGHT TIME!
AND BASTION, I'M SURE
YOU'RE WONDERING HOW?
Bastion:
YOU READ MY MIND!
BEHOLD:
AN INTERDIMENSIONAL DUEL SYSTEM!
BRAVO!
Eisenstein:
THIS MACHINE ALLOWS US
TO TRANSFORM DUEL ENERGY
INTO A POWER SOURCE.
BUT ONLY THE TENNIS COURT
OFFERS THE IDEAL ENVIRONMENT
FOR SYNCHRONIZING OUR SYSTEM
WITH YOU AND CONNECTING
OUR TWO DIMENSIONS!
SO GO NOW...
AND GET YOUR GAME ON!
THERE'S NO TIME TO WASTE!
LET'S MOVE!
Alexis:
BUT WHAT ABOUT
THE DUEL GHOULS?
THEY'VE PROBABLY
OVERRUN THE TENNIS
COURTS BY NOW.
Jesse:
MAYBE...
OH WELL, THAT'S A RISK WE'RE
JUST GONNA HAVE TO TAKE!
Aster:
ONE MORE THING, BASTION.
WHERE'S JADEN?
OUT RUNNIN' AROUND
CAUSING TROUBLE?
HE'S, UM...
IS HE OKAY?
YOU KNOW IT!
THERE'S NOTHIN'
HE CAN'T OVERCOME.
AFTER ALL,
THIS IS JADEN,
HE ALWAYS KNOWS
WHAT TO DO.
[GRUNTS]
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
WITH POLYMERIZATION
OUT OF PLAY,
I CAN'T FUSE
ANY OF MY MONSTERS.
AND AT THIS RATE,
I'LL NEVER STOP MARCEL
FROM GETTING THE THREE
SACRED BEASTS...
COME ON, JAY,
YA GOTTA MAKE SOMETHING
HAPPEN THIS MOVE!
HERE GOES!
I PLAY...
FAKE HERO!
NOW WITH THIS SPELL,
I GET TO SUMMON:
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
HA! HE CAN'T BEAT
DARK BLADE!
YOU SEE, WITHOUT
YOUR FUSION ABILITY,
YOU AND YOUR CARDS ARE
TOO WEAK TO BEAT THE CHAZZ!
THINK AGAIN!
SAY WHAT?
I PLAY
CROSS CHANGE!
BY SENDING ONE
OF MY HEROES BACK
TO MY DECK,
I CAN SUMMON
A NEO-SPACIAN OF
THE SAME LEVEL!
SOMEONE LIKE...
THIS GUY:
NEO-SPACIAN GRAND MOLE!
AND NOW YOU TWO,
HOW 'BOUT SHOWIN' OFF
CONTACT FUSION!
YA SEE, CONTACT FUSION...
DOESN'T REQUIRE POLYMERIZATION!
NOW FUSE TO FORM...
THE ONE THE ONLY...
OH!
ELEMENTAL HERO
GRAND NEOS!
STILL NOT STRONG ENOUGH.
HE IS, IF YA FACTOR IN
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY!
'CAUSE YA SEE,
IT SENDS YOUR MONSTER
BACK TO YOUR HAND!
AND THAT MEANS NEOS CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
AAH!
AND THAT'S GAME!
UH!
DON'T LET HIM FALL!
SORRY, CHAZZ, BUT I GOT
THE WORLD TO SAVE.
ALL RIGHT...
WE GOT OUR WORK
CUT OUT FOR US!
DUEL... DUEL...
Axel: BLUE BERETS,
YOU KNOW YOUR OBJECTIVE.
CLEAR A PATH FOR US SO WE CAN
GET TO THE TENNIS COURTS!
Blue Berets: HOO-AH!
RAINBOW DRAGON,
HERE WE COME!
WITH JADEN OCCUPIED,
THERE'S NO ONE TO STOP ME
FROM ACQUIRING
THE THREE SACRED BEASTS.
[BEASTS GROWLING]
I CAN FEEL THEIR POWER
CALLING TO ME,
AND IN JUST A FEW MOMENTS
THEY WILL ALL BE MINE.
HOPE YOU'RE PLANNING
TO SHARE.
NOT WITHOUT A FIGHT.
HA HA.
NOW TO GET
WHAT I DESERVE.
I GOTTA FIND MARCEL
BEFORE TIME RUNS OUT
AND THOSE SACRED BEASTS
GET OUT!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪